Part One: Solidify Terminology
What is HTTP?
HTTP is short for Hypertext Transfer Protocol, it is a protocol standard by which browers and servers communicate.

What is a URL?
URL is short for Uniform Resource Locator, it is the address for a web resource.

What is DNS?
DNS is short for Domain Name System, it translates domain names into IP addreseses.

What is a query string?
A query string is a key value pair at the end of a URL to provide information for a webpage to implement such as searches for example ?x=1&y=2

What are two HTTP verbs and how are they different?
GET 
POST

What is an HTTP request?
An HTTP request is a request from a user client to a web server to get something like such as the HTML of a website

What is an HTTP response?
An HTTP response is the response from the web server to the user client such as delivering HTML, CSS, JS, or even an error page.

What is an HTTP header? Give a couple examples of request and response headers you have seen.
HTTP headers pass additional information about an HTTP request or response from the client or the server.
Request: User-Agent, Host, Accept, Accept-Lanugage, Accept-Encoding, Referer 
Response: Access-Control-Allow-Origin, Connection, Content-Encoding, Content-Type, Date, Transfer-Encoding

What are the processes that happen when you type “http://somesite.com/some/page.html” into a browser?
The browser changes changes the domain name into an IP via DNS. The browser then makes a request from the IP address with headers. The server then responds with a status and accompanying HTML, which the browser takes and makes a DOM and grabs any other resources included in the requested page such as images, srcipts, and style sheets. A request is made for each of those resources and will receive a response and those resources will load in.

Part Two: Practice Tools
Using curl, make a GET request to the icanhazdadjoke.com API to find all jokes involving the word “pirate”
curl https://icanhazdadjoke.com/search\?term\=pirate
Why couldn't the kid see the pirate movie? Because it was rated arrr!
What does a pirate pay for his corn? A buccaneer!
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? Aye Matey!
Why do pirates not know the alphabet? They always get stuck at "C".
Why are pirates called pirates? Because they arrr!

Use dig to find what the IP address is for icanhazdadjoke.com
icanhazdadjoke.com.     0       IN      A       104.21.37.176
icanhazdadjoke.com.     0       IN      A       172.67.211.64
